Update README.md (#1)
FirstResonance/ion-examples: README.md

# Examples

## Alter Completed Runs

> This example script demonstrates how to alter a set of runs that were created from a common procedure. The function `update_runs_with_new_info` includes detailed comments about how the script alters each run. Use this script to update attributes for a run after the run was created.

Author: ```suggestion
This example script demonstrates how to alter a set of runs that were created from a given procedure. The function `update_runs_with_new_info` includes detailed comments about how the script alters each run. Use this script to update attributes for a run after the run was created. For example, change the status, add fields, and update the fields' units.
```
